README.md, before:

![WalletConnect V2](docs/walletconnect-banner.svg)
<br>
<br>

# **WalletConnect V2 - Kotlin**

Kotlin implementation of WalletConnect v2 protocol for Android applications.

<br>

## Requirements
* Android min SDK 21
* Java 11

<br>

## Installation
root/build.gradle:

```gradle
allprojects {
 repositories {
    maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
 }
}
```

<br>

app/build.gradle(.kts)

```gradle
groovy - implementation 'com.walletconnect:walletconnectv2:1.0.0-alpha01'

kotlin - implementation("com.walletconnect:walletconnectv2:1.0.0-alpha01")

```

<br>

## **Usage**

### **Initialize WalletConnect Client**
```kotlin
val initializeParams = ClientTypes.InitialParams(useTls = true, hostName = "relay.walletconnect.org", apiKey = "sample key", isController = true)
WalletConnectClient.initalize(initalizeParams)
```
The controller client will always be the "wallet" which is exposing blockchain accounts to a "Dapp" and therefore is also in charge of signing.
To initialize the WalletConnect client, create a ClientTypes.InitialParams object in the Android Application class. The InitialParams object will need at least the API key and the Application. The InitialParams object will then ben passed to the WalletConnect.initialize function. 

### **Pair Clients**
```kotlin
val pairParams = ClientTypes.PairParams("wc:...")
val pairListener = WalletConnectClientListeners.Pairing { sessionProposal -> /* handle session proposal */ }
WalletConnectClient.pair(pairParams, pairListener)
```

To pair the wallet with the Dapp, call the WalletConnectClient.pair function which needs a ClientTypes.PairParams and WalletConnectClientListeners.Pairing. 
ClientTypes.Params is where the Dapp Uri will be passed. 
WalletConnectClientListeners.Pairing is the callback that will be asynchronously called once there a pairing has been made with the Dapp. A SessionProposal object is returned once a pairing is made.

### **Session Approval**
```kotlin
val accounts: List<String> = /*list of accounts on chains*/
val proposerPublicKey: String = /*proposerPublicKey from the Session Proposal*/
val proposalTtl: Long = /*Ttl from the Session Proposal*/
val proposalTopic: String = /*Topic from the Session Proposal*/
val approveParams: ClientTypes.ApproveParams = ClientTypes.ApproveParams(accounts, proposerPublicKey, proposalTtl, proposalTopic)

WalletConnectClient.approve(approveParams)
```
To send a approval for the Session Proposal, pass the Session Proposal public key, ttl, and topic along with the list of accounts to the  WalletConnectClient.approve function.

### **Session Rejection**
```kotlin
val rejectionReason: String = /*The reason for rejecting the Session Proposal*/
val proposalTopic: String = /*Topic from the Session Proposal*/
val rejectParams: ClientTypes.RejectParams = ClientTypes.RejectParams(rejectionReason, proposalTopic)

WalletConnectClient.reject(rejectParams)
```
To send a rejection for the Session Proposal, pass a rejection reason and the Session Proposal public key to the WalletConnectClient.approve function.

<br>

### **Contributing**
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

<br>

## **License**
[LGPL-3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.html)

Commit message:

Feature/subscribe for sessions requests (#85)
* Improve KeyChain to store agreement keys per topic

* Clean up

* Clean up

* Clean up

* Update README.md

* Change parameters

* Move before and after settlement object to new directories and add subscription on topic D

* Create object for json rpc method wc_PairingPayload

* Add

* Engine

* Add session payload object

* Add event driven architecture for handling the json rpc methods

* Clean up

* Review corrections

README.md, after:

![WalletConnect V2](docs/walletconnect-banner.svg)
<br>
<br>

# **WalletConnect V2 - Kotlin**

Kotlin implementation of WalletConnect v2 protocol for Android applications.

<br>

## Requirements
* Android min SDK 21
* Java 11

<br>

## Installation
root/build.gradle:

```gradle
allprojects {
 repositories {
    maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
 }
}
```

<br>

app/build.gradle(.kts)

```gradle
groovy - implementation 'com.walletconnect:walletconnectv2:1.0.0-alpha01'

kotlin - implementation("com.walletconnect:walletconnectv2:1.0.0-alpha01")

```

<br>

## **Usage**

### **Initialize WalletConnect Client**
```kotlin
val initializeParams = ClientTypes.InitialParams(useTls = true, hostName = "relay.walletconnect.com", apiKey = "sample key", isController = true)
WalletConnectClient.initalize(initalizeParams)
```
The controller client will always be the "wallet" which is exposing blockchain accounts to a "Dapp" and therefore is also in charge of signing.
To initialize the WalletConnect client, create a ClientTypes.InitialParams object in the Android Application class. The InitialParams object will need at least the API key and the Application. The InitialParams object will then ben passed to the WalletConnect.initialize function. 

### **Pair Clients**
```kotlin
val pairParams = ClientTypes.PairParams("wc:...")
val pairListener = WalletConnectClientListeners.Pairing { sessionProposal -> /* handle session proposal */ }
WalletConnectClient.pair(pairParams, pairListener)
```

To pair the wallet with the Dapp, call the WalletConnectClient.pair function which needs a ClientTypes.PairParams and WalletConnectClientListeners.Pairing. 
ClientTypes.Params is where the Dapp Uri will be passed. 
WalletConnectClientListeners.Pairing is the callback that will be asynchronously called once there a pairing has been made with the Dapp. A SessionProposal object is returned once a pairing is made.

### **Session Approval**
NOTE: addresses provided in `accounts` array should follow [CAPI10](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-10.md) semantics.
```kotlin
val accounts: List<String> = /*list of accounts on chains*/
val proposerPublicKey: String = /*proposerPublicKey from the Session Proposal*/
val proposalTtl: Long = /*Ttl from the Session Proposal*/
val proposalTopic: String = /*Topic from the Session Proposal*/
val approveParams: ClientTypes.ApproveParams = ClientTypes.ApproveParams(accounts, proposerPublicKey, proposalTtl, proposalTopic)

WalletConnectClient.approve(approveParams)
```
To send a approval for the Session Proposal, pass the Session Proposal public key, ttl, and topic along with the list of accounts to the  WalletConnectClient.approve function.

### **Session Rejection**
```kotlin
val rejectionReason: String = /*The reason for rejecting the Session Proposal*/
val proposalTopic: String = /*Topic from the Session Proposal*/
val rejectParams: ClientTypes.RejectParams = ClientTypes.RejectParams(rejectionReason, proposalTopic)

WalletConnectClient.reject(rejectParams)
```
To send a rejection for the Session Proposal, pass a rejection reason and the Session Proposal topic to the WalletConnectClient.reject function.

<br>

### **Contributing**
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

<br>

## **License**
[LGPL-3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.html)
